Mstone building instructions

For Unix, just "gmake" one of these
	release		The usual optimized build
	debug		Debug build includes some asserts

	rpackage	Build the release and package it
	dpackage	Build the debug version and package it

	all_OPT		Build a multi-platform package
	all_DBG		Build a multi-platform debug package

For NT, run autobuild.bat.  This will build and package both the debug
and optimized versions.  Perl must already be built and installed in
\.  The NT build may be behind the Unix stuff.  Pull the build/package/*
subdirectories into the main build/package before doing a 'make all_???'.

You can build multiple OSes in the same tree.  Debug and optimized
builds are kept separately.  The all_??? targets will combine whatever
OSes are present into a multi-architecture package (including NT).
Note that you have ot build and package each OS before doing the all_
step.


Helper components

Linux usually comes with workable versions of gnuplot and perl.  Most
other OSes don't.  Mstone can build and package perl, gnuplot, and gd
with the right settings.  These will be automatically built and
packaged if they are present.

Unpack gd1.3 or later in the mstone directory.  You can probably find
gd from here: http://www.boutell.com/gd/.  The directory should look
like gd?.*.  Right now we need the (obsolete) version 1.3 to generate
GIF files (without patented run-length coding).  The scripts need to
be updated to be able to handle PNG or GIF files.

Unpack gnuplot 3.7 or later in the mstone directory.  You can probably
find gnuplot from http://www.cs.dartmouth.edu/gnuplot_info.html.  The
directory should look like gnuplot-?.* (the exact version should not
matter).  Gnuplot requres gd to generate GIFs (which is what we need).

Unpack perl 5.005 or later in the mstone directory.  You can probably
find perl from http://www.perl.com/pub/language/info/software.html.
The directory should look like perl5.* (the exact version should
not matter).
